feat: option for printing disk space on error (#31)
snakemake/snakemake-github-action: README.md

Whether to run Snakemake or to generate a container image specification (in the form of a Dockerfile) that contains all required environments. Can be either `run` or `containerize`. Default `run`.

### `show-disk-usage-on-error`

> Whether free disk space will be returned if Snakemake is failing . Can be either `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether used disk space shall be printed if Snakemake fails. Can be either `true` or `false` (default: `false`).
```
